README.md, before:

# Interpreter of ABr language

This project is an interpreter for a programming language that I created: the **ABr** language

ABR = **A**rthur **Br**icq

Don't get it wrong. This is just a learning tool ! I did this language only to **learn more about programming language theory and intepreters**.

## Features of the language

- C-like differentiation of expressions and statements
- Python-like typed variables
- Python-like functions
- If, Else, Loops
- All common math operation supported

```c
fn fib(n) {
  if (n == 0) {return 0;}
  if (n == 1) {return 1;}
  return fib(n-1) + fib(n-);
}
```

## Missing features

These features are missing for ABr to be 'ready'

- Loops
- List
  - Creation: `a = [1,2,3];`
  - Access  : `a[2]`
- || and &&

# Shell-like interpreter

- Operation on integers: +, -, *, /
- Python-like assignment
- Usage of variables

## Example

```console
> 1 + 2 * 3
7 
> (1 + 2) * 3
9 
> a = 100
100
> 3 * a
300
> b = a - 100
0
> b
0
> a - 10
90
> a    
100
> b = a - 10
90
> vars
{"a": 100, "b": 90}
```

## Error handling

This is an example of how errors are handled.

```console
> a
UnknownVariable("a")
> 1 + 2 + a
UnknownVariable("a")
> a + b
MultipleError([UnknownVariable("a"), UnknownVariable("b")])
> a + b + c
MultipleError([UnknownVariable("a"), MultipleError([UnknownVariable("b"), UnknownVariable("c")])])  
```

# RoadMap

**Next milestone** : a calculator

- new operators: 
    - ** for power
    - % for modulo
    - == for equality test
    - `<`
    - `>`
    
**Next milestone** : Typing - Support float, integers, bool and string

- [x] create a type system
- [x] bool
- [x] integer
- [ ] float
- [ ] string

**Next milestone**: functions and logic

- [ ] loop + break

**Next milestone**: web-assembly deployment of the shell

Commit message:

Support list concat with `+` operator

README.md, after:

# Interpreter of ABr language

This project is an interpreter for a programming language that I created: the **ABr** language

ABR = **A**rthur **Br**icq

Don't get it wrong. This is just a learning tool ! I did this language only to **learn more about programming language theory and intepreters**.

## Features of the language

- C-like differentiation of expressions and statements
- Python-like typed variables
- Python-like functions
- Python-like list with access
- If, Else, Loops
- All common math operation supported

The famous fibonnaci example

```c
fn fib(n) {
  if (n == 0) {return 0;}
  if (n == 1) {return 1;}
  return fib(n-1) + fib(n-);
}
```

## Missing features

These features are missing for ABr to be 'ready'

- Loops
- || and &&
- String
- Char
- Some built-in functions: len(), print(), etc

# Shell-like interpreter

- Operation on integers: +, -, *, /
- Python-like assignment
- Usage of variables

## Example

```console
> 1 + 2 * 3
7 
> (1 + 2) * 3
9 
> a = 100
100
> 3 * a
300
> b = a - 100
0
> b
0
> a - 10
90
> a    
100
> b = a - 10
90
> vars
{"a": 100, "b": 90}
```

## Error handling

This is an example of how errors are handled.

```console
> a
UnknownVariable("a")
> 1 + 2 + a
UnknownVariable("a")
> a + b
MultipleError([UnknownVariable("a"), UnknownVariable("b")])
> a + b + c
MultipleError([UnknownVariable("a"), MultipleError([UnknownVariable("b"), UnknownVariable("c")])])  
```

# RoadMap

**Next milestone** : a calculator

- new operators: 
    - ** for power
    - % for modulo
    - == for equality test
    - `<`
    - `>`
    
**Next milestone** : Typing - Support float, integers, bool and string

- [x] create a type system
- [x] bool
- [x] integer
- [ ] float
- [ ] string

**Next milestone**: functions and logic

- [ ] loop + break

**Next milestone**: web-assembly deployment of the shell
